
Here's a description of the modifications we discussed earlier today.

1) Add box for max ratio. This ratio will pertain to the 2-rate mode, 
deciding the ratio of the high and low blink ratios. 
For example: if high freq. is 12Hz, land ow is 1Hz (defined in the appropriate GUI parts).
 These numbers act as the max and min boundaries. When we have a max ratio of e.g.: 4:1,
 this will mean that the possible frequency combinations are: 4Hz - 1Hz; 8Hz - 2Hz, 12Hz - 3Hz. 
The possible combinations should be rounded to integer, since we can't do 1.25 blinks. 
For each trial in 2 Rates Only mode one of these combinations would be randomly chosen and displayed 
on the sides (doesn't need to use up each, just pick one randomly in each trial). 
correct side assignment per trial is same as before.

2) Add box for Mixed Rates Steps. 
This will determine how many levels of difficulty is available when Mixed Rates is selected 
(this is similar to 6-panel testing mode). 
For example, if max ratio (given in the box detailed above) is 4:1 and the number of steps given in this box is 4, 
the difficulty levels will be (left : right): 4:1, 3:1, 2:1, 1.2:1, 1:1.2, 1:2, 1:3, 1:4 
(giving us a total of 8 presentations with left and right correct) . 
Out of this 8 the two "training" ratios, 4:1 (left correct) and 1:4 (right correct), 
will be presented in trials determined by the % training trials in the Timer and Delay controls. 
The in-between ratios (6 remaining ratios) will have to be randomly distributed between trials 
drawn without replacement and hen exhausted start again (similar to 6-panel mode). 
What ratios can be used will depend on the maximum ratio and number of steps given in the table 
in the attached excel spreadsheet. 
The ratios will generate combinations of actual high and low blink frequencies to be displayed 
(the same ratio can give multiple freq. combinations), one these are freq. 
Combinations to be displayed (can be random). 

I hope this makes sense. I have attached the spreadsheet with the ratio combinations.

